cloud Data Service: add API key role, linked clusters, and update the endpoint response (#13028)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-get-started.md

You can customize SQL statements for the endpoint in the SQL editor, which is the middle pane on the **Data Service** page.

<!--TODO: update the drop-down list: Select a cluster-->

1. Select a cluster.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > Only clusters that are linked to the Data App are displayed in the drop-down list. To manage the linked clusters, see [Manage linked clusters](/tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-data-app.md#manage-linked-clusters).

>     On the upper part of the SQL editor, select a cluster on which the SQL statements are executed from the drop-down list. Then, you can view all databases of this cluster in the **Schema** tab on the right pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On the upper part of the SQL editor, select a cluster on which you want to execute SQL statements from the drop-down list. Then, you can view all databases of this cluster in the **Schema** tab on the right pane.
```

You can customize SQL statements for the endpoint in the SQL editor, which is the middle pane on the **Data Service** page.

<!--TODO: add a drop-down list: Add Data Source-->

> 1. Select clusters as the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a cluster as the data source.
```

Reviewer: 一次只能选一个 cluster
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79440533/228217228-485c644f-1761-4757-8601-12d78bb42e62.png)

    > **Note:**
    >
    > Only clusters that are linked to the Data App and in the **Available** state are displayed in the drop-down list. To manage the linked clusters, see [Mange the data source](/tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-data-app.md#manage-the-data-source).

>     On the upper part of the SQL editor, select one or multiple clusters from the drop-down list. Then, you can view all databases of the selected clusters in the **Schema** tab on the right pane.

Reviewer: select one or multiple clusters，问题同上
